AGS and ASDB Multi-Node Cluster using Aerolab - GRAPH-1547 (#46)
aerospike/aerospike-graph: enterprise/multi-node-tinkerbench/README.md

> # Tinker Bench Multi-Node Aerospike Cluster with AGS Instances in Aerolab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# TinkerBench Multi-Node Aerospike Cluster with AGS Instances in Aerolab
```

This example will demonstrate how to create a multi-node Aerospike DB cluster using Aerolab, and attach
Aerospike Graph Service instances to each of them. Then use Tinkerbench on a dedicated VM for benchmarking.

> *Note that to execute this example, a enterprise feature file is required*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Note that to execute this example, an enterprise feature file is required*
```

A free 60-day Enterprise Trial may be obtained here:
https://aerospike.com/get-started-aerospike-database/

# Configure Aerolab for GCP
Follow the steps here to configure Aerolab for GCP 
https://github.com/aerospike/aerolab/blob/master/docs/gcp-setup.md#prerequisites

# Create Clusters
First configure the `deploy_aerospike_gcp.sh` file to your specifications

> If you want the benchmark to run faster, scale the beench VM to a more powerful machine

Reviewer: nit: beench
